

ETHICS REPORT FOR VOCAB_TESTDATASET

hasAge : False
hasBehaviourData : False
hasContactInformation : False
hasCriminalActivity : False
hasDataControllerName : yet
hasEthnicityData : False
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : True
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : False
hasLoanRecords : False
hasLocationData : True
hasName : False
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : False
hasPoliticalOpinions : False
hasReligion : False
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : False
hasUserTrackingData : False
hasChildData : False
isValidForProcessing : False
representsGroups : True
representsIndividuals : False

ETHICS REPORT FOR TESTDATASET

hasAge : True
hasBehaviourData : True
hasContactInformation : True
hasCriminalActivity : False
hasDataControllerName : test
hasEthnicityData : True
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : False
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : True
hasLoanRecords : False
hasLocationData : False
hasName : True
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : True
hasPoliticalOpinions : False
hasReligion : False
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : True
hasUserTrackingData : True
hasChildData : False
isValidForProcessing : True
representsGroups : False
representsIndividuals : True