

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - VOCAB_TESTDATASET

hasAge : False
hasBehaviourData : False
hasChildData : False
hasContactInformation : False
hasCriminalActivity : False
hasDataControllerName : ter
hasEthnicityData : False
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : True
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : False
hasLoanRecords : False
hasLocationData : True
hasName : False
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : False
hasPoliticalOpinions : False
hasReligion : False
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : False
hasUserTrackingData : False
isValidForProcessing : False
representsGroups : True
representsIndividuals : False

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - TESTDATASET

hasAge : True
hasBehaviourData : True
hasChildData : False
hasContactInformation : True
hasCriminalActivity : True
hasDataControllerName : test
hasEthnicityData : True
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : False
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : True
hasLoanRecords : False
hasLocationData : True
hasName : True
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : True
hasPoliticalOpinions : False
hasReligion : True
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : True
hasUserTrackingData : True
isValidForProcessing : True
representsGroups : False
representsIndividuals : True



ETHICS REPORT FOR DATA INTEGRATION OF ALL DATASETS
 + Locations can be linked and certain races can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.
 + Location can be linked and certain ethnic groups can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.
 + Since locations can be linked and criminal data is involved, any datapoint from any of the datasets can be used to make ethically wrong assumptions. 
 + Residents of certain localities might have to pay higher insurance rates due to unethical assumptions that link behaviour and location of people.