

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - VOCAB_TESTDATASET

hasAge : True
hasBehaviourData : True
hasChildData : False
hasContactInformation : False
hasCriminalActivity : False
hasDataControllerName : fhg
hasEthnicityData : True
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : True
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : True
hasLoanRecords : True
hasLocationData : True
hasName : False
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : False
hasPoliticalOpinions : True
hasReligion : True
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : False
hasUserTrackingData : True
isValidForProcessing : False
representsGroups : True
representsIndividuals : False

ETHICS REPORT FOR INDIVIDUAL DATASET - TESTDATASET

hasAge : True
hasBehaviourData : True
hasChildData : False
hasContactInformation : True
hasCriminalActivity : True
hasDataControllerName : test
hasEthnicityData : True
hasFilesWithPIIAttached : False
hasHealthData : True
hasIncomeData : True
hasLoanRecords : False
hasLocationData : True
hasName : True
hasPhysicalCharacteristics : True
hasPoliticalOpinions : True
hasReligion : True
hasSignedNDA : False
hasTooManyDataPoints : True
hasUserTrackingData : True
isValidForProcessing : True
representsGroups : False
representsIndividuals : True



ETHICS REPORT FOR DATA INTEGRATION OF ALL DATASETS


 + SCENARIO-1 : Locations can be linked and certain races can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.

 + SCENARIO-1 : Location can be linked and certain ethnic groups can be unethically claimed as more inclined to be criminals.

 + SCENARIO-1 : Since locations can be linked and criminal data is involved, any datapoint from any of the datasets can be used to make ethically wrong assumptions. 

 + SCENARIO-2 : By cross-site tracking a user, unethical assumptions can be made with regards to their loan repayment capabilities and their general interest/behaviour.

 + SCENARIO-2 : Cross-site tracking can be linked with the user's loan records to make any unethical assumption regarding the user.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Based on cross-site tracking data and the behavioural data of a user, unethical assumptions can be made about the user's activities thereby manipulating insurance rates.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Unethical assumption can also be made about the activities of the user's connections (friends, family, followers) on social media accounts.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Online tracking details of a user is very sensitive. It can be combined with any other data about the individual to gain extra information that the user did not consent to originally.

 + SCENARIO-3 : Residents of certain localities might have to pay higher insurance rates due to unethical assumptions that link behaviour and location of people.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same age group.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they exhibit similar behaviour.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same ethnic group.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they belong to the same income bracket.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they reside in the same area.

 + SCENARIO-4 : Certain users can be unethically targeted with others' political opinions just because they believe in the same religion.
